fix AbuseIPDBPopulateIndicators script (#28024)
demisto/content: Packs/AbuseDB/ReleaseNotes/1_0_27.md

#### Scripts

##### AbuseIPDBPopulateIndicators

> - Fixed an issus that caused the command to fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue that caused the ***abuseipdb-get-blacklist*** command to fail.
```
